paper Compares Influence and Susceptance.

Works on a representative sample of 1.3 million Fb Users. As a sample of everyone. Not everyone being the sample ?

Influence grows in non susceptible group.


Experiment : Follow people on the adoption rate of an advertisement over Facebook. Follow the adoption rate. Target the advertisement as required by the experiment. 

Other network studies confuse Estimation with  
Homophilly. tendency for individuals to choose friends with similar interests.
Confounding effects, a connected group being exposed to same content.
Simultaneity.. connected people acting at the same time. 
…heterogeneity ? 


Data was from FB subset.
44 days.
7730 adopters
41686 stimulis.
976 adoptions.

They explain randomization removes Hommophily. 
They also do not agree with latent homophile being present because of randomization..

They tailor the target message, helping to eliminating heterogeneity  

Boils down to influence mediating messages received.



Age, Gender and Commitment.


Formula (1)
λj is the hazard of peer j of application user i adopting the application
λ0(t) represents the baseline hazard
Xi represents a set of individual attributes of an application user i
Xj represents a set of individual attributes of peer j
Nj(t) represents the number of notifications received by peer j of application user i as a function of time,
βN estimates the effect of receiving a notification on the likelihood of peer adoption (if everyhiting between sender and receiver are constant)

β i spont estimates the propensity for peers of user i with attributes Xi to spontaneously adopt in the absence of influence (Nj = 0)

β j spont estimates the propensity for peer j with attributes Xjto spontaneously adopt in the absence of influence (Nj = 0),

βinfl estimates the impact of user i’s attributes on i’s ability to influence peer j to adopt the application above and beyond j’s propensity to adopt spontaneously

βsusc estimates the impact of j’s attributes on j’s likelihood to adopt as a result of influence above and beyond j’s propensity to adopt spontaneously

Formula(2)
S(Xi, Xj) represents a set of dyadic covariates that characterize the joint attributes of the sender-recipient pair
βspont estimates the effect of a dyadic relationship between application user i and peer j on the tendency for j to adopt spontaneously.
βinfl estimates the effect of the dyadic attribute (e.g., “same age”) on the degree to which i influences j to adopt, above and beyond j’s likelihood to spontaneously adopt
